Series of outreach events
on CM’s agenda for polls

MD ILYAS | DC
VUAYAWADA, JULY 2

The political heat in the
runup to the 2024 ele
ions touched its peak
Andhra Pradesh even
the scheduled conduct of
the assembly polls, as also
the parliament polls, are
still over 10 months away.
Chief Minister  Y.S.
Jagan Mohan Reddy ‘is
concentrating on a consol
idation of his party’s vote
banks - mainly the benefi
claries of his_welfare
schemes - across the
assembly constituencies
and seeking to_attract
more of the people fo his
side. Fifty assembly seg-
ments have been the
strongholds of the YSRC,
where it won polls repea
edly in the past

The Telugu Desam lost
these seats first to the
Congress and then to the

¥.5. Jagan Mohan
Reddy

YSRC,
The Vijayawada West,
Mangalagiri, Bapatla,
Guntur East, Macherla,
Narasaraopet, Yerragond:
apalem, Santhanuthalap-
adu, Kandukur, Giddalur,
Atmakur, Nellore

Nellore rural, Pungam
Madanapalle, ~ Peeler
Chandragiri, Puthala’
pattu, GD Neilore, Aaluru,
Panyam, Kurnool, Srisail
am,” Aliagadda, ‘Kodum
urt, Nandikotkur, Mydu.
kur,  Jammalamadugu,

G K

Chandrababu

Naidu
Ka
ula, Rayachofi,
Railway Kod
Sarvepalli, Pam
uvuru, Tadepalligudem,
Kothapeta, Pithapuram,
Jaggampeta, Tuni, Ram:
pachodavaram,  Rajam,
Palakonda, Pathapatnam,
Kurupam, Saluru, Bobbili
and Paderu were the seats
that TD lost for the pa
three consecutive terms.

mPage 2: Jagan confident
of clean sweep: Analysts

